Parlt91/recurring action documentation (#128)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/reference/pages/users/user-details.adoc

For instructions to deactivate your own account, see xref:reference:home/user-account-account-deactivation.adoc[].

[NOTE]
====

> If you delete a user account, any schedules that user created will also be deleted.

Reviewer: I would avoid the term "schedules", as it is not clear which schedules we mean here. I'd suggest:
- either using "recurring actions" term,
- or referencing the "recurring-actions" section in the ref guide.
- (alternatively: both :smile:  )

> If you delete a user account, any schedules that user created will also be deleted.

Author: ```suggestion
If you delete a user account, any recurring actions that user created will also be deleted.
```

I don't think we need to reference the recurring actions section here, because we're not talking about setting them up, or changing them. Which is also why I moved it into this section, and took it out of the recurring actions section.
